---
layout: docs
title: "Kubeflow addon"
permalink: /docs/addon-kubeflow
---

<span class="p-label--new">New in 1.16.2 </span>
# Kubeflow add-on

Working with machine learning pipelines can be a complex and challenging task.
[Kubeflow][kubeflow] is an up-and-coming solution that aims to tackle that
complexity and make it easy to deploy machine learning pipelines. You can try
it out easily with Microk8s.

Kubeflow is a collection of microservices that integrates many different machine
learning technologies under a single, deployable umbrella. The name comes from
combining Kubernetes and TensorFlow, and unsurprisingly, it includes a lot of
TensorFlow functionality right out of the box, such as model training and
serving. It comes with support for Jupyter Notebooks for interactively
exploring your data and adds in support for pipelines, backed by
Argo Workflows. There's many more services included; for an up-to-date list,
check out <https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/>.

## Using Kubeflow in Microk8s

The Kubeflow add-on was released in the middle of the 1.16.x series of
Kubernetes. To avoid potentially breaking earlier installs, only
versions of MicroK8s installed using the latest stable release will include
this add-on, until the release of 1.17. You will need to have installed
MicroK8s like this:

```bash
sudo snap install microk8s --classic
```

Kubeflow is then enabled by running:

```bash
sudo microk8s.enable kubeflow
```

Note that this will also enable some additional add-ons required by Kubeflow.
The process may take several minutes to fetch and install all the required
components.

Once the add-ons have been successfully installed, the Kubeflow dashboard URL
will be output. You can open this on your browser, but you will need the
autogenerated username and password. Obtain these by running:

```bash
microk8s.juju config ambassador-auth username
microk8s.juju config ambassador-auth password
```

You should then see a page that looks like this:

**IMAGE**

<!-- LINKS -->

[kubeflow]: https://www.kubeflow.org/
